Wella SP System Professional LUXEOIL Keratin Restore Mask (400ml)
 ₹2,340.00


DETAILS
DESCRIPTION
Wella Professionals LuxeOil Keratin Restore Mask, 400ml
Nourishing treatment to make hair shiny and smooth.

BENEFITS
damaged and dry hair

HOW TO USE
Apply after shampooing. Massage and leave for 5 minutes. Rinse out.

SP with its wide array of products and services has been developed to provide a highly individualized and personalized approach to hair care. We strive to deliver to you a visible, long-term transformation of the hair by offering products that deliver dual hair benefits and cater to every hair type. This professional mask instantly restores and reconstructs hair to improve texture and leaves hair soft to the touch.This is an intensive nourishing treatment for dull, lacklustre and damaged hair, adding shine and smoothness to hair and leaving them soft and supple.

System Professional Luxe Oil Keratin Restore Mask
Reconstructs the hair fiber to improve hair texture and leave it soft to touch. With a luxurious blend of Oils.

When it comes to hair, each of us has a very personal beauty ideal. That is why we at SYSTEM PROFESSIONAL developed an individualized approach to hair care. Only by understanding your specific needs can we ensure your stylist has the very best hair to work with, as you begin the journey to your beauty ideal.



Before
The Lightweight Transform Technologies within System Professional LuxeOil collection have been scientifically developed to protect the keratin in hair, transforming its texture without weighing it down.

During
The small molecules of System Professional LuxeOil nourishing formulas penetrate the hair, locking in moisture and bonding the keratin. The oil and conditioning components form a protective layer around each hair, protecting against damage and reconstructing every strand.

After
A powerful trio of luxury oils has been scientifically blended to create this line of premium hair products ‚Äî the result of which is an immediate beauty experience and hair that is the height of luxury. All hair types will instantly benefit from the innovative and lightweight new oil-infused product line from System Professional ‚Äî the luxury label for hair.

Ingredients The Luxe Oil line consists of almond, argan and jojoba oils. Lightweight transform technologies to protect keratin.The Luxe Oil line consists of almond, argan and jojoba oils. Lightweight transform technologies to protect keratin.

TAGS: sp luxe oil keratin restore mask 400ml, SP Luxe Oil Keratin Restore Mask 400ml review, SP Luxe Oil Keratin Restore Mask 400ml HOW TO use, Wella Luxe Oil Keratin Restore Mask ingredients, Wella Keratin treatment Price
MORE INFORMATION
REVIEWS
WE FOUND OTHER PRODUCTS YOU MIGHT LIKE!


DETAILS
MORE INFORMATION
More Information
Size	400 ml
Suitable For	Personal Use, Salon & Spa
Size	150ml, 400ml
Brand	System Professional
Ideal For	Women
Contents	1x Hair Mask
Used For	Nourishment, Straightening & Smoothening, Lustre & Shine
Hair Type	All Hair Types, Damaged Hair, Dull Hair
REVIEWS
WE FOUND OTHER PRODUCTS YOU MIGHT LIKE!