Wella Professionals INVIGO Nutri Enrich Deep Nourishing Shampoo
(250ml)
4.4/5
13886 ratings  
&  
1356 reviews
MRP:₹730
₹657

Description
Ingredients
How To Use
Wella Professionals Invigo Nutri-Enrich Deep Nourishing Shampoo, is a moisturising hair shampoo with NUTRI-ENRICH-Blend. Enriched with goji berry known to be extremely rich in vitamins, minerals and peptides, it deeply replenishes and moisturises dry and stressed hair. Formulated with vitamin E to protect the hair from further damage, optimum hydration is restored courtesy of panthenol and oleic acid contained in Wella's unique Nutri-Enrich Complex. This shampoo offers instant, deep nourishment for; smoothness, manageability and movement.

Features:

Deep nourishing hair shampoo that leaves dry hair with a soft, irresistible touch
The formula has goji berry, silk extract and vitamin E
With Nutri-Enrich Complex that smooths the surface of the hair and nourishes it
Restores optimum hydration and prevents further damage
Instantly moisturises dry or stressed hair for nourished hair full of vitality

Shelf Life: 36 months

About the Range: Discover the INVIGO Balance Scalp Care products from Wella professionals at Nykaa. Wella Invigo Balance deals with all scalp issues thanks to its INVIGO-Blends technology. Backed by more than 135 years of expertise, Wella Professionals creates recharging moments in salon and at home with high-performance hair care treatments for all needs. Nurture, invigorate and revitalize with specially-developed collections for colored hair, blondes, delicate hair, scalp and dry hair.



Explore the entire range of Shampoo available on Nykaa. Shop more Wella Professionals products here.You can browse through the complete world of Wella Professionals Shampoo .

Expiry Date: 15 August 2026
Country of Origin:  Germany

Manufacturer:  HFC Prestige Manufacturing Germany GmbH
Address:  HFC Prestige Manufacturing Germany GmbH, Wellastrasse 2-4, 36088 Huenfeld, Germany


Ingredients
How To Use
Water/Aqua/Eau, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Sodium Chloride, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Glycol Distearate, Dimethicone, Sodium Citrate, Citric Acid, Cocamide MEA, Sodium Xylenesulfonate, Fragrance/Parfum, Sodium Benzoate, Panthenol, Glycerin, Salicylic Acid, Tetrasodium EDTA, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Methylparaben, Sodium Hydroxide, Limonene, Benzyl Salicylate, Hexyl Cinnamal, Linalool, Lycium Barbarum Fruit Extract, Oleic Acid, Lactic Acid, Potassium Sorbate, Magnesium Nitrate, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Magnesium Chloride, Methylisothiazolinone


How To Use
Apply to damp hair
Massage gently with fingertips into lather
Rinse thoroughly and repeat if necessary